d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\obj\Debug\ClientScripts.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\ClientScripts.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\ClientScripts.pdb
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Bridge.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\OpenUI5Sharp.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.jquery.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.dom.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es5.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.qunit.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.sinon.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.Core.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es2015.iterable.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es2015.symbol.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Bridge.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\OpenUI5Sharp.pdb
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\OpenUI5Sharp.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.jquery.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.dom.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es5.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.qunit.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.sinon.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.Core.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es2015.iterable.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es2015.symbol.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\obj\Debug\ClientScripts.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\obj\Debug\ClientScripts.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\obj\Debug\ClientScripts.pdb
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.scripthost.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.scripthost.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es2015.core.dll
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\bin\Debug\Retyped.es2015.core.xml
d:\manu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Farmacovigilancia\ClientScripts\obj\Debug\ClientScripts.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
